---
title: oysters with a squeeze of lemon
date: 2026-01-18
slug: oysters-and-lemon
---

have you ever been the best at something?

i don't think ive ever been so good at something that one could look at me and consider me a master at my craft. 

for someone with so many different interests ive never been able to break through that upper ceiling where i embody something desperately out of passion.

and what i think is difficult is that you can't have passion taught to you. to obsess over something is not something that can be given, to be gifted to another person.

if i told you that i loved the flavor of lime ice cream, but you didn't like lime ice cream, i couldn't explain to you how to make yourself enjoy that flavor.
i think the most one can do is lead you down the path that MIGHT lead to obsession. you lead the horse to water to see if they want to drink. 

the first time i had salmiakki was in a digital electronics class. its a salty spicy bitter licourice that people either love or don't love i think. but after an initial reaction of disgust, i tried a piece every day for that week and eventually i was hooked.

a taste i've never grown to love is oysters. when i see other people that eat oysters, i see how they relish in every bite. then, i feel the urge, the inspiration to try an oyster. maybe with a squeeze of lemon sprinkled over the bunch. but the moment the oyster touches my tongue, i realize, wow i dislike this flavor.

and no matter how much someone who enjoys the oyster might try and convince me otherwise, i will never love the flavor of oysters. i won't be able to tell you why, because it's simply the way it is.

i see those that have mastered one thing able to achieve more than an ordinary person can. i wonder if the taste of reaching such a level of success brings them a similar obsession to other activites. like if they make it once, they know they have that capability in them, allowing them to reach through that upper ceiling faster.

i think what i fear most is that the most i'll ever amount to is someone who was obsessed with the idea of obsession. like someone infatuated with the idea of love, with the idea of having the perfect romance. a housewife that secretly reads romance novels while her deadbeat husband goes to work and she has dropped the kids off at school. 

theres many domains where i want that obsession and i hope that if i ever manage to reach that status, it'll slowly infect the others. but first, i suppose that i will have to reach that status first.

i think that having a balance in your life is good. but i think that balance is what you gain after you ascend past a certain point. i think most people that have ever been great say the same thing with different words. to reach the top of their craft, there had to be a time in their life where nothing else mattered. 

thankfully, i think i'm someone who at the very least knows the flavors they like. it's simply that i have trouble defining what i would like to spend my time eating. 

but after a year of taking a bite out of everything here and there, i think it's easy to identify that my time would be better off spent gorging on one flavor to the point where being in that position of "balance" is enough to maintain it. then and only then should i move on to the next taste. 
