---
title: searching for the one
date: 2026-01-19
slug: the-one
---

surprisingly, or maybe not surprisingly, out of my group of closer friends, both from university and high school, there is a very small percentage who have sigificant others. in fact, it wouldn't be much of a reach to say that all of our bloodlines are not going to continue forwards if the current situation continues on for too long.

i think its scary to think about relationships in the big 26. theres so much negative rhetoric on the internet regarding either men/women, or even relationships in general. 

it's a very easy way out to just say that you're working on yourself, you don't need to search or chase for love. but upon deeper investigation i think this is a thin veil meant to protect me (and whoever else uses this approach) from rejection (which is a huge fear of mine). thanks to my friends at syse across many syse conferences for helping me figure this one out.

despite what they say about building your garden and letting the butterflies come in, i think it's very necessary to be actually putting yourself out there. unfortunately, this is the real world, and you won't get some huzz by sitting at home and watching anime. sure, one or two of you might get really lucky, but for the most part, if you don't try to actively search for a relationship, or at least see the opportunity for a relationship in your day to day life, i think it will be more than easy to wake up one day single and 30.

when i observe my handful of non single friends, the relationships i see them have are all so unique. each one has their own routines, and inside jokes, but they all seem to have a deep bond, formed so that it becomes hard to imagine one without the other.

considering they started off as strangers at one point, it's difficult for me to imagine ever getting to know a stranger, then building up that rapport with them. then again, that's how i felt this summer before my internship, and by the end my coworkers really felt like family. 

that being said, i wonder when it'll be that i find **her**. the one that will become my best friend and provide such wondrous companionship. believe it or not, relationships are not my forte so i'd place my bets that it might never happen, but theres always things to hope for. i'd much rather take it slow and find the special person who can make things feel right, than remain stifled in a relationship created for mutual benefit on no foundation.


i'm rather content with where i am now, i have work that excites me, lots of friends, and things to do that fill my time. 

i wouldn't mind it if this is how things turn out, but i hope it isn't due to lack of trying.
