---
title: nanimo
date: 2026-01-25
slug: nanimo
---

there was this time in fifth grade where i had a really big crush on this girl. i don't think i knew if i had a crush on her at the time. but theres this really really really burnt in core memory that i have of us together.

i was reading naruto at the library, and she kept trying to talk to me. but for some reason (probably because i liked her) every time i would try to respond, my chest would tighten up and i felt my face turn red while sweat began to bead on my forehead. 

so instead of talking to this girl that i liked i sat there and read like four volumes of naruto while basically ignoring her.

sometimes i wonder why i was so awkward, because that was the last time i ever saw that girl. we went off to different middle schools, high schools, universities. it really wouldn't have hurt me if i just talked to her. i wonder if anyone from my younger years really remembers me (that i wasn't friends with). i feel like i was too quiet to get too close to most of them.

i have so many stories that i remember, i feel like the first time i really gained any kind of conscious act was 3rd grade. i remember when i made a pokemon ttrpg and the time i found a shiny pidgey on a pokemon clone and the day in fourth grade when i found out how babies were made with r. i remember emailing my fourth grade teacher in eleventh grade and finding out that she remembered who i was, and was having a kidney transplant. i remember eating the dark chocolate we were supposed to be using for a science experiment in third grade and getting in trouble.

i really want to rewatch naruto .

