---
title: the state of the cs major 
date: 2026-01-26
slug: cs-majors
---

my friend (j) who is one year under me had a pretty long conversation with me the other week which first prompted my thinking upon this topic. it started pretty normally and progressed around the topic of cs majors being cooked.

it started from his seeking advice upon my route for getting to intern and work in tech, then developed through his feelings on the application process. strangely enough, i think i've had a similar conversation to most people with careers in this area this year.

i don't have enough time to write out all my advice, but heres a general frame you can follow (that i think will serve you well in most majors, not just cs, or compe, or stem)

1. try to get freshman experience as soon as you can. in my experience research or technical experience will both serve you well, myself, i did research and i think it may be a bit better of an option for freshman for a reason i'll discuss below (you could also just do both if you have that kinda time). if you're having a hard time finding a lab, you can cold email professors until one responds (at least one will, its a lot easier than getting an internship). just make yourself a template that glazes one of their recent projects, discusses what specifically they do that you are interested in, then focus on what you can provide to their research. technical club wise, at least for purdue, just putting in a lot is the best method to get a lot back.

2. after you have something technical on your resume, the place that i find it easiest to make real world connections (which is the most important portion of this process if you want to land a job quicker than others), is the career fair. PLEASE attend your career fair if you would like a job. it isn't every day that you are able to have a direct conversation with a recruiter just by investing some of your time. additionally, if you have any nepo connections, please please please leverage them. if you have any method, getting that help to put your foot in your door will make things infinitely easier for yourself in the future. my connections didn't really help me too directly in my year, but if they would have i definitely would have utilized them. 

3. other than that, just cold email and spam apply. make sure your resume hits all the points in the required/preferred skill listings on the job. it helps get you through ats. if you can find a hiring manager or anyone with authority at the company (if its small) as a contact, send them a cold email or linked dm introducing yourself and your application.

4. my interests generally align more to startups, but i find that finding the human connection or that distinguishing point to get yourself in is a lot easier at smaller companies rather than the big faang fish. emailing startups with that cold message template you developed for research is definitely possible.

there's definitely a non zero chance that at the end of this process you weren't able to make any process towards a real job. 

thats ok. 

that's simply the way the industry is moving right now, and theres always next year for you to stack more and try again. at the very least. for summer, i would try and find a research position if you aren't able to land a full fledged internship. this is where that school year research comes in handy! if you've been working with a professor, good chance is they'll have work for you to be doing over the summer as well. since it's hard to land that first internship as a freshman, this is why i recommended research as a path vs. technical club earlier. generally though, even without any structure work like research or an internship, summer is an amazing time to build your own personal projects that address your interests, and make things such as open source contributions (which look great on a resume btw)

best of luck, feel free to reach out to me on discord at (jk.won) if you would ever like to talk deeper about anything (i dont even know if people read this blog)
