---
title: ice maps
date: 2026-01-29
slug: ice-maps
---

what a day. woke up went to chipotle. got a call from lockheed martin that they wanted to extend an offer while eating. skipped a class so that i could see some friends, ate dinner, then decided to skateboard despite the ice.. 

my skateboard has been thoroughly ran through and iced. i really want to get better at doing tricks.

through discussion with some of my colleagues i become more and more conflicted upon whether i should want to work in defense. it seems like a waste to give up opportunities working with some very bright people, but i suppose the work isn't very moral, and similarly bright people could be reached in other places. the only benefit is the amount of filters that are required to enter the industry, which i guess builds you a bit more of a moat compared to other industries. 

i also feel attached to the idea of the united states of america. i am not satisfied with how america is at the current moment, and i should be doing more to fix it. regardless, i have an attachment to the idea of the US of A, and serving your country. im not really sure why i feel that kind of patriotism, because it has never really presented itself in other sectors of my life. maybe because of boy scouts? maybe because i am brainwashed by the government.

i wonder to what point i am willing to sell my morals.

10 PM - 3 AM finished digital design lab doing some stupid IC testing.
3 AM - 4:30 AM did 2k2 homework. 

first semi all nighter of the semester 
